docker rm -f angry_mcnulty
docker rm -f stoic_rosalind
docker rm -f stoic_hodgkin
docker rm -f keen_morse
docker rm -f distracted_lewin
docker rm -f sleepy_chebyshev
docker rm -f reverent_lovelace
docker rm -f adoring_poincare
docker rm -f pedantic_jennings
docker rm -f vigilant_dijkstra
docker rm -f silly_stallman
docker rm -f trusting_cray
docker rm -f eager_vaughan
docker rm -f vibrant_knuth
docker rm -f adoring_keller
docker rm -f vibrant_feynman
docker rm -f sharp_almeida
docker rm -f xenodochial_kapitsa
docker rm -f awesome_borg
docker rm -f hopeful_curie
docker rm -f optimistic_kapitsa
docker rm -f lucid_bhaskara
docker rm -f gallant_curran
docker rm -f elated_torvalds
docker rm -f focused_swirles
docker rm -f vibrant_edison
