docker rm modest_wright
docker rm boring_meninsky
docker rm objective_lewin
docker rm epic_knuth
docker rm cocky_engelbart
docker rm brave_ardinghelli
docker rm pensive_mestorf
docker rm fervent_poitras
docker rm kind_lichterman
docker rm zen_rosalind
docker rm gifted_neumann
docker rm dazzling_hawking
docker rm boring_cray
docker rm trusting_wilson
docker rm sharp_kowalevski
docker rm suspicious_panini
docker rm cranky_swartz
docker rm gallant_heyrovsky
docker rm gifted_brahmagupta
docker rm hardcore_joliot
docker rm youthful_bardeen
docker rm friendly_dijkstra
docker rm hopeful_murdock
"]"